http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/SDS_senegal_2008_2013.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/SDSResume.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/Loi_activites_statistiques.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/LISTE_SSN.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/DSRP/DSRP1.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/DSRP/DSRP2.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/DSRP/mecanisme_suivi_DSRP.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/DSRP/rapport_avancement_DSRP.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/Rapport_ESPS.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/etudes/Perception_pauvrete_Senegal.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/etudes/Pauvrete_Senegal_1994_2002.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/ESAM_2.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/ESAM_1.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/Enquete123_Phase1.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/Enquete123_phase2.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/Enquete123_Phase3.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/communique_presse/Com_presse_LDiop.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/actualites/Avis_arbre_Noel_2008.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/actualites/code_marche.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/actualites/FR-Citation-Lamine Diop.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/actualites/ALLOCUT_LDIOP_PRIX_STAT_AFRICAINE_JANVIER_2008.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/communique_presse/Interview_DG_Walf_01_07_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/avis_recrutement_DPME.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/avis_recrutement_DPME.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Consultants_BADIS_2013-rev.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Consultants_BADIS_2013-rev.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/TDR_BADIS_ANSD_vf2013.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_17000-agents-recenseurs.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_17000-agents-recenseurs.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Fiche-agents-recenseurs.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_Recrutement_CDRH.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_Recrutement_CDRH.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_Recrutement_Enq_MCA_Superv_saisie.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_Recrutement_Enq_MCA_Superv_saisie.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_Recrutement_Enq_MCA_Control_saisie.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_Recrutement_Enq_MCA_Control_saisie.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_Recrutement_Enq_MCA_Oper_saisie.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_Recrutement_Enq_MCA_Oper_saisie.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_Superviseur-saisie-EDS-MICS-continue.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_Superviseur-saisie-EDS-MICS-continue.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_Consultant-TDE-EDS-MICS-continue.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_Consultant-TDE-EDS-MICS-continue.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_Agent-apurement_ENSAU-DGID.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_Agent-apurement_ENSAU-DGID.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/TDR_recrutement_Agent-apurement_ENSAU-DGID.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_Agent-saisie_ENSAU-DGID.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_Agent-saisie_ENSAU-DGID.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/TDR_recrutement_Agent-saisie_ENSAU-DGID.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_expert-juriste_OPCV.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_expert-juriste_OPCV.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/TDR_recrutement_expert-juriste_OPCV.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_EDS-MICS-continue.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_EDS-MICS-continue.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_Recrutement_enqueteur_balayage_RNEA.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_Recrutement_enqueteur_balayage_RNEA.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_Recrutement_Agent-reprographe_RGPHAE.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_Recrutement_Agent-reprographe_RGPHAE.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/TDR_Recrutement_Agent-reprographe_RGPHAE.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_Recrutement_Consultant_Rationalisation_SSN.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_Recrutement_Consultant_Rationalisation_SSN.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_Recrutement_Consultant_Suivi-Evaluation.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_Recrutement_Consultant_Suivi-Evaluation.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_Recrutement_Coordonnateur_TIC_RGPHAE.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_Recrutement_Coordonnateur_TIC_RGPHAE.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/TDR_Recrutement_Coordonnateur_TIC_RGPHAE.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/PAMU-ANSD_Avis_Controleur-saisie.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/PAMU-ANSD_Avis_Controleur-saisie.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/PAMU-ANSD_Avis_Operateurs-saisie.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/PAMU-ANSD_Avis_Operateurs-saisie.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/ENSAE_Avis_recrutement_2statisticiens(2012).pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/ENSAE_Avis_recrutement_2statisticiens(2012).pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_Recrutement_Agent-saisie_RGPHAE.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_Recrutement_Agent-saisie_RGPHAE.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/TDR_saisie_cartographie.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/ANSD_Avis_recrutement_Chef_DSSSCVP.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/ANSD_Avis_recrutement_Chef_DSSSCVP.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_Recrutement_Enq_MCA.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_Recrutement_Enq_MCA.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_Cartographes-Numeriques.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_Cartographes-Numeriques.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/TDR_Cartographes-Numeriques.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/AvisArchitecte.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/AvisArchitecte.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/TDR_ARCHITECTE-RGPHAE.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/AvisDBA.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/AvisDBA.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/TDR_DBA-RGPHAE.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/AvisDeveloppeurs.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/AvisDeveloppeurs.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/TDR_DEVELOPPEUR-RGPHAE.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/AvisExpertReseau.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/AvisExpertReseau.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/TDR_EXPERT_RESEAU-RGPHAE.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/AvisTechnicienMaintenance.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/AvisTechnicienMaintenance.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/TDR_TECHNICIEN_MAINTENANCE-RGPHAE.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_MI_Comptable_ESPS.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_MI_Comptable_ESPS.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Tdr_MI_Comptable_ESPS.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_EPSF2.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_EPSF2.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/TDR_epsf.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_Agents_Saisie_ENSIS_2011.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_Agents_Saisie_ENSIS_2011.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/TDR_Agents_Saisie_ENSIS_2011.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Recrutement_Chef_DOT_2011.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Recrutement_Chef_DAG_2011.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_traitement_donnees_EPSF2.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_traitement_donnees_EPSF2.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/TDR_recrutement_traitement_donnees_EPSF2.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_Consultant_Evaluation_Ecosystemes_forestiers.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/TDR_recrutement_Consultant_Evaluation_Ecosystemes_forestiers.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_Consultant_BD(ESPS).pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/TDR_recrutement_Consultant_BD(ESPS).pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_Consultant_statisticien(ESPS).pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/TDR_recrutement_Consultant_statisticien(ESPS).pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_Charges_Etudes(ESPS).pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/TDR_recrutement_Charges_Etudes(ESPS).pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_Analyste_programmeur(ESPS).pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/TDR_recrutement_Analyste_programmeur(ESPS).pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_Consultant_informaticien(ESPS).pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/TDR_recrutement_Consultant_informaticien(ESPS).pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_Architecte_technique_informatique(ESPS).pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/TDR_recrutement_Architecte_technique_informatique(ESPS).pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_Expert_reseau_securite(ESPS).pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/TDR_recrutement_Expert_reseau_securite(ESPS).pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_Technicien_maintenance(ESPS).pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/TDR_recrutement_Technicien_maintenance(ESPS).pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrut_Exp_organisation_SSN(Afristat).pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrut_Exp_Stat_SocioDemog(Afristat).pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis-recrut_Exp_Eco_ppa(Afristat).pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_Enqueteurs_ENSIS_2010.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/formulaire-depot-candidature-enqueteur-ENSIS.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_informaticien_enquete.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_Consultant_Formation_Stat_Judiciaire.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_formateur_SIG.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/TDR_FormationSIG.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_formateur_Dev-Info.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_Consultant_Bilan-Emploi.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_formateur_principal_CSPRO.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/TDR_formateur_principal_CSPRO.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_assistant_formateur_CSPRO.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/TDR_assistant_formateur_CSPRO.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_Comptable_ESPS_2010.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_informaticien_BD_Compta-Nat.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/TDR_informaticien_BD_Compta-Nat.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_Consultant_Agri_CN(2010).pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/TDR_recrutement_Consultant_Agri_CN(2010).pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_Consultant_GenieCivil_CN(2010).pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/TDR_recrutement_Consultant_GenieCivil_CN(2010).pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_Consultant_BienEquipement_CN(2010).pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/TDR_recrutement_Consultant_BienEquipement_CN(2010).pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_consultant_BD_RGPHAE.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_reprographe-cartographe_RGPHAE.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_cartographes_num_RGPHAE.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Tdrs_cartographes_num_RGPHAE.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_Agents_Enqueteurs_EDS-MICS_2010.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_Techniciens_laboratoire_EDS-MICS_2010.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_coordonnateur_Medical-EDS-MICS_2010.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Tdrs_Coordonnateur_Medical-EDS-MICS_2010.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_DG_Afristat.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_agents_saisie_EMSILD.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_Expert_PM_ESPS.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_Comptable_ESPS.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/EMSILD_Avis_recrutement.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/EMSILD_formulaire_depot_candidature.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_DSDS_2010.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_ESPS.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrutement_ESPS-AGVSAN.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/recrutements_ANSD_2010.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrut_2_econometres_ENSAE-Senegal_09_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/RecEnqRJDEB.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/AgentsTraitementESAMU.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/AgentsSaisieESAMU.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrut_ISE_08_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Avis_recrut_ITS_08_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/AC_consultant_program_anglais_ENSAE.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/TDR_program_anglais_ENSAE.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/AC_consultant_program_tech_express_ENSAE.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/TDR_program_tech_express_ENSAE.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Recrutement_3_Enseignants_07_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Offre_Consultant_National_Informaticien_Reseau.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/TDR_Consultant_Reseau2DP.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/avis_recrutement_29_02_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/avis_recrutement_29_02_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/avis_recrutement_29_02_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/agents_saisie.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/agents_traitement.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Recrut_Collecte_EDMC.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/Recrut_Carto_EDMC.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/recrutement/recrut2 _num.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/concours_formations/PVISE2012.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/concours_formations/PVITS2012.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/concours_formations/PVISE2011.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/concours_formations/PVITS2011.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/concours_formations/PV_Concours_TSS_2011.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/concours_formations/PVISE2010.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/concours_formations/PVITS2010.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/concours_formations/Resultat_Concours_IFORD_2010.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/concours_formations/PVISE2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/concours_formations/PVITS2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/concours_formations/PV_Concours_TSS_2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/concours_formations/PVISE2008.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/concours_formations/PVITS2008.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/concours_formations/Master_MMQEF.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/concours_formations/Concours_IFORD_2013.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/concours_formations/Avis_Concours_ISE_2013.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/concours_formations/Concours_ISE_2013_Dossiers.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/concours_formations/Avis_Concours_ITS_2013.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/concours_formations/Concours_ITS_2013_Dossiers.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/PassationMarche.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/Avis_general_passation_marches_2012.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/PassationMarche.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/Plan_passation_marches_2011_REVISE.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/PassationMarche.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/PassationMarche.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/AAO_N12AOOANSD2012_CablageInfotel_Siege.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/AAO_N8AOOANSD2012_Assurance_PDA.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/AAO_N10AOOANSD2012_Transport_PDA.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/AAO_N01AOOANSD2012_Mobilier_Bureau.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/AMI_N09_2012_Relations-publiques.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/AAO_N11_AOOANSD2012_Accessoires-COM.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/AAO_N06_AOOANSD2012_Impression-manuels.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/AAO_N 03AOOANSD2012_Impression.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/AAO_N 04AOOANSD2012_Maint_informatiques.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/AAO_N 05AOOANSD2012_Mat_informatiques.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/AAO_Location_vehicules_denombrement.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/Avis_attribution_provisoire_assurance-maladie.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/AAO_N14AOOANSD2011_Assurance-Maladie.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/AAO_N06AOOANSD2011_Achat_donnees(relance).pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/BCEAO_AMI.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/AAO_N06AOOANSD2011_Achat_donnees.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/complement_ marche_achat_donnees.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/complement_ marche_achat_donnees(2).pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/AAO_N 07AOOANSD2011_Services_Com.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/DMI_LAD_RGPHAE_2011.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/MAT2_RGPHAE2011.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/MAT1_RGPHAE2011.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/APO_MAT_INFO_CONS.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/catalogue sdpd.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/RAPPORT_EMSILD_2010.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/EDSMICS2010-2011-VIH-Sida.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/EDSMICS2010-2011-Principaux Resultats.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/EDS-MICS_2010-11_Rapport-final.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/Enquete_Village_2000-2009_Disparites_geographiques.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/Rapport_Enquete_Village_2009(rev).pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/MONOGRAPHIE_PECHE.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/Rapport_ESPS.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/Rapport_ENTES.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/RGPH3_RAP_NAT.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/Enquete123_Phase1.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/Enquete123_phase2.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/Enquete123_Phase3.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/RAPPORT_NATIONAL_PCI.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/ESAM_2.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/Rapport_EDS-3.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/ESAM_1.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/Rapport_EDS-2.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/Rapport_ESP.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/Rapport_RGPH_88.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/Rapport_EDS-1.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/Rapport_RGP_1976.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/etudes/MCS_2005.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/catalogue sdpd.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/catalogue sdpd.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/communiques/PassationMarche.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Dakar_2008.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Dakar_2007.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Dakar_2006.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Dakar_2005.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SITECODAKAR_2004.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Diourbel_2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Diourbel_2008.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Diourbel_2006.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Diourbel_2005.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SITECODIOURBEL_2004.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Fatick_2008.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Fatick_2007.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Fatick_2006.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/Fatick_2005.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SITECO_FATICK_2004.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Kaolack_2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Kaolack_2008.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Kaolack_2007.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Kaolack_2006.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Kaolack_2005.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SITECOKAOLACK_2004.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Kolda_2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Kolda_2008.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Kolda_2007.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Kolda_2006.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Kolda_2005.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SITECOKOLDA_2004.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Louga_2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Louga_2006.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Louga_2008.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Louga_2007.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Louga_2006.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_LOUGA_2005.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SITECOLOUGA_2004.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Matam_2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Matam_2008.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Matam_2007.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_2006_MATAM.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/Matam_2005.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SITECOMATAM_2004.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Saint_Louis_2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Saint_Louis_2008.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Saint_Louis_2007.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Saint_Louis_2006.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_StLouis_2005.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SITECOSAINTLOUIS_2004.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Tamba_2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Tamba_2008.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Tamba_2007.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Tamba_2006.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Tamba_2005.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SITECOTAMBACOUNDA_2004.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Thies_2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Thies_2008.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Thies_2007.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Thies_2006.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Thies_2005.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SITECOTHIES_2004.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Ziguinchor_2010.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Ziguinchor_2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Ziguinchor_2008.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Ziguinchor_2007.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Ziguinchor_2006.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SES_Ziguinchor_2005.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_Region/SITECOZIGUIN_2004.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/etudes/Sante_reproduction_dec2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/etudes/Determinants_Inflation_Senegal.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/etudes/Determinants_investissement_prive_2008.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/etudes/Etude_canaux_de_transmission_politique_monetaire.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/etudes/Etude_Coefficients_Techniques_Robustes.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/etudes/Inflation_methode.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/etudes/SEF2005.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/etudes/caracteristiques_handicapees.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/etudes/Perception_pauvrete_Senegal.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/etudes/Pauvrete_Senegal_1994_2002.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/catalogue sdpd.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/catalogue sdpd.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_2011_def.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_2010.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_2008.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_2007.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_2006.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/SES_2005.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/BADIS_2005_2006.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/catalogue sdpd.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/RGPH3_RAP_NAT.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/Rapport_RGPH_88.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/Rapport_RGP_1976.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/population-du-Senegal/population_Senegal_1970_2005.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/catalogue sdpd.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/catalogue sdpd.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/catalogue sdpd.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/catalogue sdpd.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_01_13.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_12_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_12_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_12_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_12_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_12_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_11_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_11_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_11_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_11_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_11_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_10_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_10_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_10_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_10_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_10_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_09_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_09_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_09_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_09_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_09_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_08_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_08_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_08_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_08_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_08_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_07_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_07_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_07_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_07_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_07_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_06_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_06_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_06_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_06_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_05_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_05_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_05_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_05_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_04_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_04_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_03_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_04_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_04_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_07_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_03_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_03_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_02_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_03_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_03_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_02_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_02_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_02_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_02_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_01_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_01_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_01_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/mensuelle/IHPI_01_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/trimestrielle/Conjoncture_T1_2012.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/trimestrielle/Conjoncture_T4_2011.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/trimestrielle/Conjoncture_T4_2010.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/trimestrielle/Conjoncture_T4_2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/trimestrielle/IHPI_T4_2008.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/trimestrielle/IHPI_T4_2007.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/trimestrielle/IPI_T4_2006.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/trimestrielle/IPI_T4_2005.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/trimestrielle/Conjoncture_T3_2011.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/trimestrielle/Conjoncture_T2_2010.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/trimestrielle/Conjoncture_T3_2010.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/trimestrielle/Conjoncture_T3_2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/trimestrielle/IHPI_T3_2008.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/trimestrielle/IHPI_T3_2007.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/trimestrielle/IPI_T3_2006.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/trimestrielle/IPI T3 2005.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/trimestrielle/Conjoncture_T2_2011.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/trimestrielle/Conjoncture_T1_2010.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/trimestrielle/Conjoncture_T2_2010.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/trimestrielle/Conjoncture_T1_2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/trimestrielle/Conjoncture_T2_2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/trimestrielle/IHPI_T2_2008.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/trimestrielle/IPI_T2_2007.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/trimestrielle/IPI_T2_2006.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/trimestrielle/IPI T2 2005.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/trimestrielle/Conjoncture_T1_2011.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/trimestrielle/Conjoncture_T1_2010.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/trimestrielle/Conjoncture_T1_2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/trimestrielle/IHPI_T1_2008.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/trimestrielle/IPI_T1_2007.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPI/trimestrielle/IPI T1 2006.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/NCE/NEER_T3_2012.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/NCE/NEER_T2_2012.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/NCE/Conjonct_Eco_T1_2012.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/catalogue sdpd.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/catalogue sdpd.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/trimestrielle/IHPC_T4_2012.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/trimestrielle/IHPC_T4_2011.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/trimestrielle/IHPC_T4_2010.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/trimestrielle/IHPC_T4_2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/trimestrielle/IHPC_T4_2008.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/trimestrielle/IHPC_T4_2007.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/trimestrielle/NAIHPC406.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/trimestrielle/IHPC_T3_2012.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/trimestrielle/IHPC_T3_2011.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/trimestrielle/IHPC_T3_2010.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/trimestrielle/IHPC_T3_2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/trimestrielle/IHPC_T3_2008.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/trimestrielle/NA_IHPC_T3_2007.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/trimestrielle/IHPC_T2_2012.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/trimestrielle/IHPC_T2_2011.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/trimestrielle/IHPC_T1_2010.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/trimestrielle/IHPC_T2_2010.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/trimestrielle/IHPC_T2_2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/trimestrielle/IHPC_T2_2008.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/trimestrielle/NA_IHPC_T2_2007.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/trimestrielle/IHPC_T1_2012.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/trimestrielle/IHPC_T1_2011.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/trimestrielle/IHPC_T1_2010.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/trimestrielle/IHPC_T1_2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/trimestrielle/IHPC_T1_2008.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/trimestrielle/NAIHPC107.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_02_13.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_12_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_12_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_12_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_12_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_12_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_12_07.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_12_06.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_01_13.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_11_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_11_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_11_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_10_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_11_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_09_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_11_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_11_07.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_11_06.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_10_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_10_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_10_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_09_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_10_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_08_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_10_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_10_07.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_10_06.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_09_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_09_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_09_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_07_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_08_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_09_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_09_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_09_07.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_09_06.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_08_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_08_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_08_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_06_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_07_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_08_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_08_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_08_07.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_08_06.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_07_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_07_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_07_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_05_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_06_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_07_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_07_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_07_07.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_07_06.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_06_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_06_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_06_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_04_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_05_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_06_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_06_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_06_07.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_05_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_05_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_05_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_03_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_04_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_05_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_05_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_05_07.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_05_06.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_04_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_04_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_04_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_03_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_04_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_04_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_04_07.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_04_06.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_03_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_03_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_03_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_03_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_03_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_03_07.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_03_06.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_02_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_02_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_02_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_02_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_02_07.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_02_06.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_01_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_01_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_01_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_01_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/mensuelle/IHPC_01_07.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/flash/(flash)INPC_01_13.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/catalogue sdpd.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_01_13.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_12_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_12_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_12_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_11_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_11_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_11_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_10_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_10_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_10_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_09_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_09_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_09_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_08_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_08_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_08_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_07_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_07_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_07_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_06_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_06_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_06_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_05_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_05_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_05_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_04_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_04_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_04_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_03_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_03_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_03_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_02_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_02_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_03_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_01_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_01_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/INPC/mensuelle/INPC_01_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/catalogue sdpd.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/EvolAnnuel_IHPC_2012.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/EvolAnnuel_IHPC_2011.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/EvolAnnuel_IHPC_2010.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/EvolAnnuel_IHPC_2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/EvolAnnuel_IHPC_2008.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/EvolAnnuel_IHPC_2007.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/EvolAnnuel_IHPC_2006.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/Note prix_2005.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/catalogue sdpd.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_12_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_12_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_06_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_12_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_12_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_12_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_09_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_10_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_11_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_11_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_06_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_10_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_11_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_11_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_11_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_08_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_09_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_10_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_10_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_06_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_09_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_10_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_10_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_10_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_07_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_08_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_09_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_09_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_06_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_08_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_09_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_08_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_09_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_09_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_06_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_07_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_08_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_08_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_06_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_07_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_08_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_07_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_08_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_08_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_05_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_06_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_07_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_07_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_05_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_06_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_07_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_06_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_07_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_07_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_04_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_05_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_06_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_06_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_03_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_04_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_05_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_06_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_05_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_06_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_06_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_03_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_04_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_05_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_05_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_02_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_03_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_04_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_05_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_04_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_05_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_05_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_02_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_03_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_04_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_04_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_01_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_02_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_03_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_04_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_03_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_04_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_04_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_01_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_02_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_03_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_03_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_01_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_02_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_03_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_02_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_03_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_03_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_01_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_02_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_02_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_01_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_02_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_01_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_02_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_02_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_01_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_01_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_01_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_mens_statistique/BullStat_01_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/catalogue sdpd.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_trim_statistique/Bulletin_T4_07.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_trim_statistique/BTS_T4_06.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_trim_statistique/Bulletin_T3_07.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_trim_statistique/BTS3-06.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_trim_statistique/BTS_T2_ 2007.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_trim_statistique/BTS1-07.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/catalogue sdpd.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_12_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_12_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_12_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_12_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_12_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_T3_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_12_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_04_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_12_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_10_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_11_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_12_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_11_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_11_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_T2_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_T3_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_12_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_09_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_10_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_12_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_10_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_10_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_T1_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_T2_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_09_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_12_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_12_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_09_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_09_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_04_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_T1_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_12_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_07_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_08_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_12_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_08_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_08_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_07_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_12_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_12_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_07_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_07_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_06_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_12_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_12_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_06_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_05_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_06_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_12_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_02_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_05_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_03_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_03_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_05_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_04_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_05_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_02_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_03_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_04_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_01_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_12_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_04_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_03_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_04_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_02_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_03_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_01_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_12_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_03_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_02_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_03_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_02_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_01_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_12_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_02_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_01_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_02_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_01_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_12_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_01_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_12_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/ReperStat/ReperStat_01_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/flash/(flash)IPPI_01_13.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/catalogue sdpd.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_01_13.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_12_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_12_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_12_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_11_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_11_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_11_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_10_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_10_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_10_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_09_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_09_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_09_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_08_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_08_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_08_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_07_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_07_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_07_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_06_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_06_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_06_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_04_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_05_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_05_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_05_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_03_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_04_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_04_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_04_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_02_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_03_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_03_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_03_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_01_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_02_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_02_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_02_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_01_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_01_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IPPI/mensuel/IPPI_01_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/catalogue sdpd.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_01_13.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_12_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_09_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_12_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_12_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_T4_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_T4_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_T4_07.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullmComex0406.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/Bulletin Comex04-05.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_11_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_09_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_11_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_11_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_T3_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_T3_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BCOMEXT3_2007.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex0306.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/Bulletcomex0305.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_10_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_09_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_10_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_10_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_T2_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_T2_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullCome0207.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex0206.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/TRIM2-05.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_09_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_08_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_09_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_09_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_T1_09.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_T1_08.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_T1-07.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/TBulletincomex0106.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_08_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_07_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_08_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_08_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_07_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_06_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_07_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_07_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_06_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_05_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_06_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_06_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_04_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_05_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_05_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_05_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_04_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_03_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_04_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_04_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_04_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_03_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_03_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_02_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_03_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_03_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_02_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_01_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_02_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_02_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_01_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_01_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_01_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_01_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/trimestriel/BullComex_01_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/catalogue sdpd.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_12_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_12_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_12_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_11_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_11_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_11_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_10_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_09_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_10_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_10_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_09_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_08_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_09_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_09_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_08_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_07_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_08_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_08_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_07_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_06_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_07_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_07_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_06_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_05_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_06_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_06_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_05_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_04_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_05_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_05_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_04_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_03_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_04_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_04_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_03_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_02_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_03_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_03_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_02_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_01_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_02_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_02_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_01_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_01_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/bulletin_commerce_exterieur/mensuel/IPCE_01_10.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/catalogue sdpd.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/NACE_2011.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/NACE_2010.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/NACE_2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/NACE_2008.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/NACE_2007.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/NACE_2006.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/catalogue sdpd.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/BDEF_Def2010_Prov2011(reduit).pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/BDEF_Def2009_Prov2010.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/BDEF_Def2008_Prov2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/BDEF_Provisoire_2008.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/BDEF_2007.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/BDEF_2006.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/BDEF_2005.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/PIB_trim/flash/(flash)CNT_T4_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/catalogue sdpd.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/PIB_trim/flash/(flash)CNT_T4_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/PIB_trim/flash/(flash)CNT_T3_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/PIB_trim/flash/(flash)CNT_T2_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/PIB_trim/flash/(flash)CNT_T1_12.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/IHPC/trimestrielle/IHPC_T3_2011.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/conjoncturelles/PIB_trim/flash/(flash)CNT_T4_11.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/Comptes_Nationaux_Def2009_SemiDef2010_Prov2011.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/catalogue sdpd.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/Comptes_Nationaux_Def2009_SemiDef2010_Prov2011.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/Comptes_Nationaux_Def2008_SemiDef2009_Prov2010.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/Comptes_Nationaux_Def2007_SemiDef2008_Prov2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/Comptes_Nationaux_Def2006_SemiDef2007_Prov2008.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/Note_Analyse_Comptes_Nationaux_Provisoire_2007.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/NACN_0406.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/annuelles/CN_8004.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/catalogue sdpd.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/catalogue sdpd.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/catalogue sdpd.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/RAPPORT_EMSILD_2010.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/EDSMICS2010-2011-VIH-Sida.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/EDSMICS2010-2011-Principaux Resultats.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/EDS-MICS_2010-11_Rapport-final.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/Enquete_Village_2000-2009_Disparites_geographiques.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/Rapport_Enquete_Village_2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/etudes/Determinants_Inflation_Senegal.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/etudes/Determinants_investissement_prive_2008.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/etudes/Etude_canaux_de_transmission_politique_monetaire.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/MONOGRAPHIE_PECHE.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/Rapport_ESPS.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/Rapport_ENTES.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/RGPH3_RAP_NAT.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/catalogue sdpd.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/rapports_enquetes_etudes/enquetes/RAPPORT_EMSILD_2010.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/decret_ANSD.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/decret_organisation_CNS.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/decret_CO.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/decret_membres_CO_juillet_2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/decret_ANSD.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/Decret_ENSAE.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/decret_organisation_CNS.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/decret_CO.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/decret_membres_CO_juillet_2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/decret_ANSD.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/organigramme_ANSD.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/Decret_ENSAE.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/decret_CO.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/decret_membres_CO_juillet_2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/decret_ANSD.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/Decret_ENSAE.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/Loi_activites_statistiques.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/decret_CO.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/decret_membres_CO_juillet_2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/decret_ANSD.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/Decret_ENSAE.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/organigramme_ANSD.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/decret_CO.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/decret_membres_CO_juillet_2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/RAP_ANSD_2010.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/RAP_ANSD_2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/RAP_ANSD_2008.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/RAP_ANSD_2007.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/Rapact.DPS2005.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/RAP_ANSD_2004.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/Rapportactivites2003 W.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/RAPPACT-2000.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/SDS_senegal_2008_2013.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/SDSResume.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/Loi_activites_statistiques.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/Loi_activites_statistiques.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/LISTE_SSN.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/Loi_activites_statistiques_rev.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/Charte_africaine_ de_ la_statistique.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/Decret_ENSAE.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/Arrete_fonctionnemntents_sousgroupes_CTPS.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/decret_membres_CO_juillet_2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/Arrete_membres_CTPS_2009.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/Arrete_Liste_Membres_CNS.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/Loi_activites_statistiques.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/decret_organisation_CNS.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/decret_ANSD.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/decret_CO.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/LISTE_SSN.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/catalogue sdpd.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/catalogue sdpd.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/depliant_publication_abonnement.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/depliant_publication_abonnement.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/depliant_publication_abonnement.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/depliant_publication_abonnement.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/depliant_publication_abonnement.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/depliant_publication_abonnement.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/depliant_publication_abonnement.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/depliant_publication_abonnement.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/depliant_publication_abonnement.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/depliant_publication_abonnement.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/depliant_publication_abonnement.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/depliant_publication_abonnement.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/depliant_publication_abonnement.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/catalogue sdpd.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/SDS_senegal_2008_2013.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/SDSResume.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/Loi_activites_statistiques.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/LISTE_SSN.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/publications/catalogue sdpd.pdf
http://www.ansd.sn/intitutionnel/Charte_africaine_ de_ la_statistique.pdf
